
# Project Launch Details

## Team Members
- Vip Monty
- Logan Singleton
- Andrew Lewis
- Tait Draper

## Proposed Meeting Schedule
- **Time**: 1 pm on Saturdays
- **Platform**: Microsoft Teams

## Schedule of Scrum Masters
- Scrum Master: Logan
- Scrum Master: Vip
- Scrum Master: Andrew
- Scrum Master: Tait

## Programming Language
- Python

## Source Control
- GitHub: [https://github.com/drapertait/Software-Dev-2450](https://github.com/drapertait/Software-Dev-2450)

## Project Management
- GitHub

---

## Milestone 4 (SCRUM Tait)

### Meeting 8

**Date**: July 2, 2024

**Meeting Report 8 (Tues. July 2, 2024)**

**Attendees**:
- Vip Monty
- Logan Singleton
- Tait Draper
- Andrew Lewis

**What we did in the meeting**:
- Assigned members to certain tasks
- Discussed the professor's email concerning milestone 2

**Action Items**:
- **Vip**: Email professor concerning milestone 2 design document, GUI issues
- **Logan**: Help look at GUI
- **Tait**: Plan out milestone 4 info
- **Andrew**: Look at overflow issue on milestone 3

---

### Meeting 9

**Date**: July 8, 2024

**Meeting Report 9 (Tues. July 9, 2024)**

**Attendees**:
- Vip Monty
- Logan Singleton
- Tait Draper
- Andrew Lewis

**What we did in the meeting**:
- Discussed how everyone was doing in their roles
- Troubleshooted a few issues as a group
- Reviewed the requirements for milestone 4

**Action Items**:
- Merge the `color_scheme.py` functionality with `main`
- Merge `file_operations.py` functionality with `main`
- Ensure no bugs
- Update documentation
